# Contents

Two related benchmarks are contained in respective independent subdirectories. Please see the respective subdirectories for more details. 

## whole-application-benchmark
Containing:
* Standard format input files for CP2K that taken together constitute a whole-application biomolecular QM/MM benchmark with a system size and computational complexity representative of biomolecular research problems like those pursued in the BioExcel demonstrator research projects. The provided inputs include a CP2K input file (force-opt-qmmm.inp) that can be executed directly using a regular production build of CP2K. This whole-application benchmark is included as it forms the basis for the choice and construction of the kernel benchmark. 
* An example CP2K output log generated by running the whole-application benchmark.

## kernel-benchmark
Containing: 
* a QM/MM kernel benchmark consisting of code isolated and extracted from the CP2K codebase that was found to be performance-critical running the whole-application benchmark, as well as data files containing values of parameters and data structures generated intermediately during execution of the whole-application benchmark and required to run the kernel.
* a minimal amount of wrapper code that reads the input data files, initialises input parameters and data structures, and calls the kernel code.
* other code from the CP2K codebase (e.g. Fortran type specifications) required to compile the kernel code.
* instructions on how to build and run the kernel benchmark.
* reference output of the kernel benchmark.

## Maintainer

Arno Proeme (EPCC) - a.proeme(at)epcc(dot)ed(dot)ac(dot)uk

